assign policy to a managementgroup (#2490)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/policy_definition.html.markdown

* `description` - (Optional) The description of the policy definition.

> * `management_group_id` - (Optional) the management group id (IE: `${data.azurerm_management_group.test.group_id`) where where to define this policy

Reviewer: We tend to phrase this as:

```suggestion
* `management_group_id` - (Optional) The ID of the Management Group where this policy should be defined. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```

Author: I'll update as suggested, but want to leave in the example. I was confused myself at first because `azurerm_management_group` has both an `.id` and a `.group_id`. 

Alternatively, I could modify it to something like "The Group ID (and *not* the ID) of the Management Group.."

Thoughts?

Reviewer 2: If you'd like to add that information i would add it in a notes box under that line, or to the example at the top of this page

Author: ok. cool.
